# GNX: The Brazilian AIO CFW

GNX was born from the idea of simplifying life for those who have a modified Nintendo Switch. As you can see from the README, the switch scene is extremely fragmented and composed of several different Devs that have their respective projects, with this, it is kind of impractical for a beginner to know what to download and how to configure everything. That's why the great Goma1337 created an AIO (All in One) package with everything you need to use on your Switch.

## **[Download it from here!](https://github.com/vncsmnl/GNX/releases)**
## **[Support Without Spending Any Money!](Donations.md)**

## 1) 🚦BOOTLOADER:

Hekate : Payload used by GNX. It serves to "organize" the unlock and has several useful features such as SD formatting, EmuNAND creation, AutoRCM toggle, etc.

## 2) 🌌CFW:

Atmosphère : The custom firmware itself, which makes it possible to use all the features included in the package.

## 3) 🧩HOMEBREWS:

aio-switch-updater : Software that updates many useful files for an unlocked switch. By default, it comes in the package with several features disabled, in order to prevent more lay users from unconfiguring GNX and ending up, among other things, banned. If you don't know what you're doing, use this homebrew just to download cheats.

Homebrew App Store : A community maintained "homebrew store". Through it you can download other software that are not included in the package.

DBI : Multipurpose tool. It does a little bit of everything. More details here, courtesy of Nintendo Unlock

EdiZon : Tool for using cheats. Also works via Tesla Menu (L + Down on Dpad + R3)

Hekate Toolbox : Tool to enable/disable system modules and integrate some Hekate functionality into Horizon (Switch operating system).

ldnmitm_config : Homebrew for configuring the ldn_mitm module.

Linkalho : Homebrew to link and unlink Nintendo accounts. The link is false and only serves to trick games that have this requirement.

- [Tinfoil](https://tinfoil.io/Download#download) [Luffshop's](https://github.com/carcaschoi/tinfoil-json) and [JITS Ez Shops's](https://discord.gg/UkwVjft) `locations.config`, including, among others: [StealthShop](https://discord.gg/EZMAupDvWE), [NekoShop](https://discord.gg/pytKu48eMk), [Pengu's Shop](https://discord.gg/b773pXcfPF), [TITS](https://discord.gg/eeGRy63U2F), [QuotaShop](https://discord.gg/kjvT5ah), [ReDUMP Shop](https://discord.gg/tuT59S2zcv) e [Teknik.app](https://discord.gg/tuT59S2zcv).

Lockpick_RCM : Payload to dump keys from your console (several software needs keys to work, like NxNandManager).

Homebrew Menu : The menu that replaces the album and/or games (if you open them by holding R) and makes it possible to use homebrew.

NX-Activity-Log : Homebrew that monitors in detail the usage time of each game.

NXThemesInstaller : Theme installer. Always use this tool to remove your themes BEFORE updating the console firmware.

prodinfo_gen : Payload capable of generating a fake prodinfo, useful for saving consoles with bricked prodinfo. The prodinfo generated by the console is NOT for online play, acting only as a more sophisticated "incognito". The average user doesn't need to mess with it.

Reset Parental Controls : Software capable of removing parental controls even without the password.

TegraExplorer : Payload with a number of features. It's in the package primarily to make it possible to use the script... -- SyncFix.te, located in the TegraExplorer folder. It serves to synchronize controls and connections from SysNAND to EmuNAND, thus avoiding the need to resynchronize controls each time you switch between NANDs.

## 4) 💡SYSTEM MODULES FOR THE ATMOSPHÈRE

Can be enabled or disabled by homebrew Hekate Toolbox or Tesla Menu (L + D-pad Down + R3):

Emuiibo : Module capable of emulating amiibos. The amiibos are already included in the package, but they can be generated in Emutool, also included. After enabling the module, choose the amiibo from the Tesla Menu (L + D-pad for Down + R3).

sys-ftpd-light : Transforms the Switch into an FTP server, making it possible to transfer files over the local network with the help of a tool like Filezilla.

sys-clk : Used to overclock the console and can be configured via Tesla Menu (L + D-pad for Bass + R3) thanks to... -- sys-clk-Overlay

ldn_mitm : Transforms local multiplayer functionality to Lan, thus enabling the use of Lan Play in games that do not have Lan functionality natively.

Mission Control : Enables the use of bluetooth controls from other platforms on the Switch. To use, enable the module, restart the console and sync the controller through the Switch menu, as you would with a Nintendo controller. For more details on how to sync each controller, visit Github.

sys-con : Allows the use of controllers from other platforms on the Switch as long as they are connected by cable. Despite this disadvantage compared to Mission Control, it has compatibility with more controls.

sys-screenuploader : Upload screenshots and video captures to Discord or Telegram. By default, it is set to upload screenshots to the #sys-screenuploader on the GNX Discord server . This can be modified HERE

SysDVR : It performs audio and video streaming from the console to a PC, working either via local network or via USB cable. For more details on how to use it, visit the project wiki HERE

Sys-Botbase : Module that allows bot programming and ram editing in real time over the network. It works together with PKHeX, SysBot.Net, NHSE, among other projects.

Tesla Menu : Menu that can be opened at any time with the combination of buttons L + D-pad Down + R3. It serves to configure modules, display information and many other things.

nx-ovlloader : Component required for the Tesla Menu to work.

ovlSysmodules : Tesla Menu component that displays system module toggles.

Status Monitor Overlay : Tesla Menu component that displays real-time information like temperature, system resource usage percentage, etc.

SaltyNX : Framework to enable some performance tricks like...

ReverseNX-RT , which "tricks" the console into thinking it's docked in portable mode and vice versa.

sys-tune : Background music player accessible from Tesla Menu.

## 5) 🖥️SOFTWARE FOR USE ON PC:

TegraRcmGUI Portable and Installer : Payload injector.

GUIformat : Tool to format SD card to Fat32 (recommended). It doesn't work if any Windows Explorer windows are open.

PKHeX + Plugins : Best save editor for mainline Pokemon games. Run almsetup_stable.exe to download the latest version of PKHeX and the Auto Legality Mod plugin.

## 6) 🫂 SPECIAL THANKS

I would like to thank [Nickmoses05](https://www.facebook.com/groups/lllii/permalink/1220497388481591/) for transcribing the README into English.
